TITLE: NYC Open Data Week 2018: Call for submissions

FORM COPY: 
Submissions for participation in the Open Data Week 2018 (March 3-10) are now open! 

Open Data Week takes place during the first week of March to celebrate New York City’s Open Data Law, which was signed into law on March 7, 2012. The goal of Open Data Week 2018 is to raise awareness about NYC Open Data - a free resource.

The inaugural Open Data Week in 2017 (www.open-data.nyc) brought 900 New Yorkers to 12 events across 3 boroughs. We were excited by the accomplishments of the open data, tech and civic tech communities and look forward to reviewing suggestions for next year! 

The deadline for submissions is December 15, 2017. Successful submissions will be notified by January 8, 2017. Feel free to submit more than one idea! Don’t worry if you don’t have all the details ironed out yet. This form is the NYC Open Data Team's way of understanding who is interested in getting involved next year. We hope to see creative submissions! A virtual reality experience? An art installation? Training community members? All ideas are welcome!

The Open Data Team will host webinars where you can learn more about Open Data Week and ask questions on Friday November 3rd from 10-11am EST and on Tuesday November 28th from 2-3pm EST. Both are optional and will cover the same content. You can sign up for a webinar via this form: https://goo.gl/forms/RVobUMIQW2e9txix2

We would like to express our thanks to key partners in this effort, notably BetaNYC and the Mozilla Foundation via their Mozilla Open Leadership Program. Thank you for pushing NYC Open Data forward!

Contact: aschmoeker@analytics.nyc.gov with any questions. 
Learn more about NYC Open Data: www.nyc.gov/opendata
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Important details: 
We recommend that all submissions are ideas that can be resourced in full by the applicant or partners you've identified. Selected Open Data Week organizers will be responsible for the production and attendance at their engagements. The NYC Open Data Team will support all selected proposals through promotion and by making introductions where appropriate but cannot provide any funding. The NYC Open Data Team can also come say a few words at select events, and provide a demo or short training on the Open Data Portal. Please outline which resources (if any) you will need from the Open Data Team in your proposal.

Submissions will be judged based on:
     A. How you plan to engage New Yorkers (this could include city staff)
     B. How you plan to raise awareness about NYC Open Data
     C. How inclusive the event is (Is there a cost to attend? Is childcare available? Is it easily accessible by public transit?)
     D. How many additional resources the engagement would require for implementation

If selected for participation in Open Data Week you agree to:
     1. Being responsive to communications from the Open Data Team
     2. Promoting Open Data Week 
     3. Filling out the follow up survey for Open Data Week organizers; the survey will ask for metrics on participation rates, 
    etc.
